Create android-installation.mdx (#65)
mirrorworld-universe/docs.mirrorworld.fun: data/android/android-installation.mdx

## Getting started

Create a developer account on the [Developer dashboard](https://app.mirrorworld.fun). Create project and create an API Key.

## Import SDK

*Notice:
The minimum version that SDK requires is Android 4.4.*

1.  Download and uncompress [Mirror World Android SDK](https://github.com/mirrorworld-universe/mirrorworld-sdk-android/releases/tag/v1.1.0).

> 2.  Put the mirrorsdk.aar under folder 'libs'.If there is no libs folder,you may create one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Put the `mirrorsdk.aar` under the 'libs' folder. You may create a 'libs' folder if it doesn't exist
```

## Usage

### Initialization
We can init Mirror World SDK with the following code:

```java
Activity activity = this;
String apiKey = "your-api-key";
boolean useDebugMode = true;

MirrorSDK.getInstance().SetApiKey(apiKey);
MirrorSDK.getInstance().SetDebug(useDebugMode);
MirrorSDK.getInstance().InitSDK(activity,MirrorEnv.DevNet);
```

### Guide user to login
Before calling some API of MirrorSDK, users must login first.

> If you want him to login(or again), you can use the following code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want them to login(or again), you can use the following code:
```

```java
MirrorSDK.getInstance().StartLogin(new LoginListener() {
    @Override
    public void onLoginSuccess() {
        Log.i("Mirror","User login success!");
    }

    @Override
    public void onLoginFail() {
        Log.i("Mirror","User login failed!");
    }
});
```

> But you may not want to let him login every time,so you can use CheckAuthenticated API to check if he has already logged in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But you may not want to let them login every time, so you can use CheckAuthenticated API to check if they have already logged in.
```

> According the result,you can show him a login button or hide your login button and make him enter the game directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
According the result, you can show them a login button or hide your login button and make them enter your dApp or game directly.
```

> According the result,you can show him a login button or hide your login button and make him enter the game directly.

Reviewer: - we can make this sentence more precise

});
```

### Open wallet

> Users may want to check their wallet in the app,you can use openWallet API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users may want to check their wallet in the app, you can use openWallet API:
```

You can refer more API on [API Documentation](https://docs.mirrorworld.fun/android/android-APIReference).

### Transfer & List
#### Transfer NFT
If you want to transfer a NFT to another wallet,you can use this code:

```java
String mint_address = "address";
String to_wallet_address = "target_wallet";

MirrorSDK.getInstance().TransferNFTToAnotherSolanaWallet(mint_address, to_wallet_address, new TransferNFTListener() {
@Override
public void onTransferSuccess(ListingResponse listingResponse) {
    Log.d("Transfer result","success");
}

@Override
public void onTransferFailed(long code, String message) {
   Log.d("Transfer result","failed");
}
});
```
#### List
If you want to list an NFT on a marketplace,you may use these code:
```java
String mint_address = "nft_mint_address";
Double price = 0.1;

MirrorSDK.getInstance().ListNFT(mint_address, price, MirrorConfirmation.Finalized, new ListNFTListener() {
@Override
public void onListSuccess(ListingResponse listingResponse) {
    Log.d("ListNFT success","price is:"+listingResponse.price);
}

@Override
public void onListFailed(long code, String message) {
    Log.d("ListNFT faild",message);
}
});
```

#### Confirmation

> When we call some API of SDK, you are allowed to pass a param named 'confirmation' to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we call some API of SDK, you are allowed to pass a param named `confirmation` to it.
```

You can use all the confirmation we provide in 'Confirmation' enum. Here is an explanation for every kind of them:

- Default

> If you pass this kind of confirmation to an API,it will use a default confirmation to handle this call,most of the time,it equals 'Confirmed'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you pass this kind of confirmation to an API, it will use a default confirmation to handle this call, most of the time, it equals 'Confirmed'.
```

});
```

### Open wallet

> Users may want to check their wallet in the app,you can use openWallet API:

Reviewer: - add spaces after every punctuation

```java
MirrorSDK.getInstance().OpenWallet();
```

### User get NFTs

> To get user's NFTs,you can call API 'GetNFTsOwnedByAddress' following the below code:

Reviewer: - Fetch a user's NFTs by calling `GetNFTsOwnedByAddress`
- you don't need to add "following the below code"

```java
List<String> owners = new ArrayList<>();
owners.add("owner_wallet_address_1");
owners.add("owner_wallet_address_2");
int limit = 0;
int offset = 0;

MirrorSDK.getInstance().FetchNFTsByOwnerAddresses(owners, limit, offset, new FetchByOwnerListener() {
    @Override
    public void onFetchSuccess(MultipleNFTsResponse multipleNFTsResponse) {
        Log.d("Fetch result","success");
    }

    @Override
    public void onFetchFailed(long code, String message) {
        Log.d("Fetch result","failed,code:"+code+",message:"+message);
    }
});
```

> Or you can fetch NFTs by another params:

Reviewer: - using "parameters" is more preferred

- FetchNFTsByMintAddress
- FetchNFTsByCreatorAddresses
- FetchNFTsByUpdateAuthorities

> You can refer more API on [API Documentation](https://docs.mirrorworld.fun/android/android-APIReference).

Reviewer: - Refer to the documentation for the complete API Reference

### Transfer & List
#### Transfer NFT

> If you want to transfer a NFT to another wallet,you can use this code:

Reviewer: - an NFT*
- "You can transfer an NFT to another wallet"

```java
String mint_address = "address";
String to_wallet_address = "target_wallet";

MirrorSDK.getInstance().TransferNFTToAnotherSolanaWallet(mint_address, to_wallet_address, new TransferNFTListener() {
@Override
public void onTransferSuccess(ListingResponse listingResponse) {
    Log.d("Transfer result","success");
}

@Override
public void onTransferFailed(long code, String message) {
   Log.d("Transfer result","failed");
}
});
```
#### List
If you want to list an NFT on a marketplace,you may use these code:
```java
String mint_address = "nft_mint_address";
Double price = 0.1;

MirrorSDK.getInstance().ListNFT(mint_address, price, MirrorConfirmation.Finalized, new ListNFTListener() {
@Override
public void onListSuccess(ListingResponse listingResponse) {
    Log.d("ListNFT success","price is:"+listingResponse.price);
}

@Override
public void onListFailed(long code, String message) {
    Log.d("ListNFT faild",message);
}
});
```

#### Confirmation

> When we call some API of SDK, you are allowed to pass a param named 'confirmation' to it.

Reviewer: - `confirmation` and code parameters should be enclosed in backticks instead of single quotes

You can use all the confirmation we provide in 'Confirmation' enum. Here is an explanation for every kind of them:

- Default

> If you pass this kind of confirmation to an API,it will use a default confirmation to handle this call,most of the time,it equals 'Confirmed'.

Reviewer: - spaces after punctuations
- I think we can make this sentence shorter and clearer

- Finalized:

> If you use this, API will wait for Solana to confirm the transaction before returning the HTTP response to you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use this, API will wait for Solana to finalize the transaction before returning the HTTP response to you.
```

> If you use this, API will wait for Solana to confirm the transaction before returning the HTTP response to you.

Reviewer: - no need to add ~~if you use this~~ and ~~to you~~

So the time will be longer more or less.
- Confirmed:
It is a fairly quick response to the user and is a reasonable promise that the transaction if processed, will be eventually finalized after a certain number of confirmations by the validator network.
- Processed:
The node will query its most recent block. Note that the block may still be skipped by the cluster.

## Full API Documentation

> You can view the documentation for Mirror World SDK for Mobile on [our Official Documentation Site](https://docs.mirrorworld.fun/android/android-APIReference)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can view the documentation for Mirror World SDK for Mobile on [our Official Documentation Site](https://docs.mirrorworld.fun/android/android-api)
```
